Do you think we are fools?
Who doesn’t know that his work as Si Qing has something to do with making money during the process.
You and he have a grudge against each other for sending Si Qing away.
When you want to listen to me,
Are you going to kill Si Qing? You are high and worry-free.
Forget it, is it really small enough?
Haha. Of course I won’t give it away.
Nature will give you some benefits.
What benefits.
Have they all died recently?
I can marry Fang Youqian.
I will think of a way then,
Let Fang have the money to let you go.
Let me give you every dollar.
As soon as we drove
this deal
Forget it, Caohua
How can I trust you?
There are 1 million in this card
Considered a deposit
If you don't believe it
You can also go there
But go down
I can tell you
You don't agree
I can only help my family for the rest of my life.
you helped me
There's still a chance to get out of the car
How to choose
You promise to do it yourself
Shall I give that to you? No need.
Mom, I'm here to have dinner
Later
Let's just go
Then time becomes incomprehensible. Bye, bye, bye.
Goodbye send us off